Attn: Lucky Winner,
 
We are pleased to inform you that you have emerged as one of the winners in the ICC Cricket World Cup 2011 Promotional Award.
Your email address was selected by our Electronic Random Selection System (ERSS) from an exclusive list of 800,000 e-mail addresses of individuals from South Africa, Sri Lanka, Pakistan, West Indies,Australia, New Zealand, England and India. No tickets were sold.
 
Your email address is identified with Batch Number:P1/56/2009 and Number: PL 3917/182-09 in Category “B” and your claims portfolio is filled with Ref Number:ICCL/09-005/XX.You are therefore confirmed eligible to receive a cash prize of 850,000.00,GBP(Eight Hundred And Fifty Thousand Great British Pound) out of the total payout.
 
CONGRATULATIONS!
 
Your prize award has been insured under a certified international Bank Draft, and will be given to you after meeting the claims requirements,
statutory obligations, verifications, validations and satisfactory report. To file for the processing of your prize sum payment,you are advised to contact our Certified and Accredited claims agent for category “B” winners with the information below:
 
Name: Mr Peter Hinson (ICC)
Telephone:+447010052113
E-mail: fbnmbklondon@accountant.com
Endeavor to provide her with the following information in your contact with him.
Names:
Contact Address:
Occupation:
Age:
Sex:
Telephone:
Fax number:
Nationality:
Do you like cricket game? ……..
 
NOTE: All winnings must be claimed not later than 7 working days,thereafter unclaimed funds would be included in the next stake.Remember to quote your reference information in all correspondence.
You are to keep all lotto information confidential, especially your reference and ticket numbers.
This is important as a case of double claims will not be entertained.
Members of staff of affiliate agencies are automatically not allowed to participate in this program.
Furthermore, should there be any change of address do inform our agent as soon as possible.
 
Congratulations once more from our members of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional progrm.
 
Yours Faithfully,
Dr.David Richardson.
ICC Promo Manager.

